/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
/home/lmathy/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/site-packages/sklearn/metrics/_classification.py:1221: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision and F-score are ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples. Use `zero_division` parameter to control this behavior.
  _warn_prf(average, modifier, msg_start, len(result))
loading data cube and concatenating each class
merging classes in progress
loading data cube and concatenating each class
merging classes in progress
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
classes equalization in progress
training the model
noise reduction in progress
selecting range
normalising vector
Savitzky Golay filter in progress
testing the model
